But our committee would do nothing about it if he were broken.
He didn't get that assurance.
That was the means of the conversation.
Was any other soldier's name mentioned besides Watten?
They'd been me, well have them,
and have they a conversation of about three hours.
Yes, because the name of any private mentioned.
I assume you mean private shines.
Their shines name may well have been mentioned.
Didn't he try to bring a shine?
I think that there's a recall,
and keep in mind that it's impossible to pinpoint these things
at the date seven or eight months ago.
I think that Adam's tried to bring up the subject of shine,
but Shane looked and discussed to any length at all.
The means of the conversation was about the breaking of General Law.
What little problem of conversation,
if any, was there about private shines?
I can't think of any little problem of conversation about shine.
We never managed to say Adam's never managed to say
a word about him, is that right?
I can't think of no...
He was the only one before I could talk about him, is that right?
I don't know if anyone else wants to talk about the shine matter.
The subject there that disturbed me very much, disturbed Roy.
Frank was the suggested breaking of General Law.
The last evidence here, and the other thing that's about just to...
You talk about a lawyer's evidence.
Mr. Cohn that night with my full agreement,
and Mr. Justice called up General Lawton,
and his aide came down the next day, which is right.
His aide came down the next day,
and we gave him the phone for my son this morning.
Mr. Senator McCarthy, would you be good enough to pick up your monitor's phone call
on the 7th of November 1953?
Hang on.
I'm back.
I know them.
Have you a sir?
Yes sir.
Would you read it along with me?
It begins with you addressing the secretary of the Army as Bob.
Is that right?
So Bob, did that work all right for your satisfaction yesterday?
Yes, the did Joe.
And I appreciate your support.
And I appreciate your taking a very broad view of the thing.
No, sir.
Senator, we both have the same interest, and we are both...
And we both are working at the same job.
Correct sir?
That's the next one's number eight.
Senator, second to the Army, I was worried at first,
but the way it wound up, I was satisfied with it,
and I want to thank you.
Senator, I would like to ask you one personal favor.
For God's sake, don't put David in service
and assigning back to my committee from three standpoints.
That sounds a little like you, doesn't it, Senator?
I'll figure it out if I can listen.
One, I couldn't get away with it any more than a week.
The newspapers would be back on us,
and you would have to send me back if you uniformed anyway.
Two, this thing has been running along so cleanly so far.
They have not been able to back your brains out.
There's nothing the left wingers would like better.
They don't like this cooperation between the committee and the Army.
And the third thing, they would say I asked for it.
From my desk today, I can pick up letters from perhaps a half dozen letters,
from mothers whose boys are in worship from days.
And it would be embarrassing if hell demeaned.
I think they're Mr. Wilson.
They say that hell's the need of the right to make sense of paper
to a young man who's doing the use of him, miss something there.
Well, he could get off weekend.
Roy, it is one of the few things I have seen him
completely unreasonable about.
He thinks they should be a general
and work from the penthouse at the wall door.
Underclass examination by Mr. Jenkins,
did I understand you to say that at some point in that sentence
been that paragraph of yours.
You became jockler.
What you're welcome, you and I not to do any cover-full pregnancy, you know.
Would you just go through that and tell us what you left out
when you read that?
I didn't mean to.
Where did you think I left something?
Would you read a senator?
He left out this statement.
He is a good man, but there's nothing in the responsible abortion.
Seriously, no.
I had a copy that had those words that he is exquisite.
Man, good boy.
I think that's right.
There's nothing you can do to stand up about him.
From my desk today, I can pick up letters from past
and have to send letters from mothers whose boys ran works
shape and date, and it would be embarrassing to tell the need.
That word, hell, you think should be changed.
Well, I mean, sometimes it doesn't quite make sense
to tell the need.
Another three or four dots after indicating
that the amendment was monitoring this.
Not after the word B is there, senator.
Yes, after the word, me, three dots.
If he could get off, we can.
Roy and them two dots.
It is one of the few things I have seen you completely unreasonable about.
What was it that Roy was so unreasonable about?
I don't think he was unreasonable.
Roy and I, different, I had gotten final bar play.
I came down and attempt to write the various reports.
How many reports would I have?
Three, what four of them?
Three that they had to do with.
Final bar flag and excellent researcher.
I felt that the final could write the reports
merely from the transcripts of the testimony.
Roy didn't think that he could.
He felt that it took a manhood and living with this working with it
as they have had been for a long time.
It still happened Roy was right.
I thought that he was wrong at that time,
but this is one of the few things I was considering that was right.
Then, if I understand you, senator,
the thing that Roy, that you meant to refer to there
that was that Roy was unreasonable about
wanting, trying to work on weekends.
Is that right?
Yes.
And those are the types of types of types.
Any questions?
From the head table?
Mr. Khan?
Yes.
Have you helped?
And then senator, the next one.
He thinks they should be a general.
And what for the penthouse of the wall door?
Do you mean to attach that remark to this gentleman in the environment?
That's Mr. Wilson's words, obviously.
I completely have a facetious remark.
You think it's the hall hall?
It's because of that right?
Because neither Mr. Stevens, Mr. Kohn,
I ever thought that he's not a general working from the penthouse.
No, let me go to your next sentence or next paragraph.
Take that into consideration and ask that he be immediately assigned.
Roy was next to quitting the committee.
Was that funny?
Yes.
Roy was next to quitting the committee?
Yes, there was a funny.
Were you trying to be for seats as there?
I don't think it would be funny, but it's because of the many of you.
You weren't trying to be funny.
Where are you, senator?
No, I wouldn't say that wasn't funny.
Right.
He thought I had gone back on the committee.
Mr. Wilson?
And then he was only a paragraph.
What the secretary of the army said, I'm attaching this significance only to what the senator said.
I can read it.
I quit for will.
I think maybe let me read what you'll meet up in Mr. Wilson.
I'm interested in your work, but you may certainly read his.
The secretary, that is where my problem was come from.
Right from the start, you never have done or said anything that spread me on the situation at all.
All of them take a friendly interest.
I read that, Mr. Wilson, because this completely contradicts any...
I have a attempt at getting a special consideration for that.
And the secretary, Sieben, is not in a very top-off frame of mind.
And he has answered in what you say with the procedures.
Remark, is he?
Well, this is not a matter of follow.
What you told me is the other matter.
Mr. Wilson, this is a matter of charges that may have been publicized, that we've been hearing now for weeks.
I tried to get special consideration from Mr. Shane with trying to hear in this phone call,
which was, the manifest not fine me, but Mr. Stevens.
The secretary says you have never done anything that spread me on other than a take a friendly interest.
Yes.
But I, would you let your mind, your eye rest on the last sentence that you spoke just about where you are, Senator?
You'll think whatever you want to do.
Anything, Dave, should be a general, and work from the penthouse of the wall door.
If I understand you, contestantly, it is to the effect that you said that with a sort of a choco, is that right, sir?
Well, Mr. Wilson, obviously, I've been said about this.
Well, did you say that with a sort of a choco?
Mr. Wilson, well, that is obviously a... a vicious remark.
But would you argue my question? Did you choco when you said it?
Did I choco?
Yes, sir.
I don't recall having choco.
Did Mr. Smith say that the secretary of the army choco when he replied?
I don't recall the secretary's choco.
Well, look at your next sentence where you were speaking.
Take that into consideration and ask the TV immediately to sign.
Roy was next to quitting the committee.
He thought I had drawn back on the committee, and for God's sake, don't tell blank anything of this,
because he would go right back and tell Roy.
Was that the thesis?
No.
That was serious.
Right.
So that you asked the secretary not to report this conversation to a certain individual.
Because if he were to do so, bad individuals would turn with go right back and tell Roy.
That's what it says.
I don't know the...
But it's said here and you'll know that there's a lot of dots here and they can think you're left out.
I pointed out to the secretary.
No, not fair.
Yes, sir.
You'll find the freedo up here.
Well, the opening of the sentence?
Yes, but that free sentence is back.
I'm reading the one.
Yes, sir.
I'm reading the one that says, and for God's sake, don't tell blank anything of this,
because he would go right back and tell Roy.
There are no dots in that sentence, either.
There are dots in my answer.
And the answer?
And the answer is that he left the material out for the word dots.
So if you say that...
I will tell you what Eric Hall was saying.
Well, this tells us what was said.
No, it doesn't.
Have you any doubts that this object phone call is annually?
The amount of the injury, the sudden freeze, the dots in the answer.
I'm sure it was less of...
But Senator, let's be fair about it.
There are no dots in that life sentence, either.
Let's do that for sure.
No dots in the last sentence, either.
Let's do this for a friend.
Yes, sir.
Would you be fair with me, sir, and look at your documents and tell me, are there any dots in the sentence that begin?
And for God's sake, don't tell blank anything of this, because he would go right back and tell Roy.
Mr. Welts, in my statement here, the young man who monitored the call, I guess that's the...
He was jacked up.
So it's a term of a foreeud stopping...
We all remember him, right?
That's the...
Where he put dots, that indicated the material was missing.
Now I will tell you...
I will tell you what was said here, if you like.
There was material missing.
I discussed with Bob the importance of having Mr. Shine available to finish many work.
I did tell him that I thought the joy...
And I had different very strong land, and I have used the word unreasonable.
I bought an asset for just being available at all times when he was not in training.
Now, the Secretary of State, I believe, was Mr. Cohn making available at all times.
He was not in training.
I think that was a good thing.
Now, look...
I've been to this memorandum now on the Tuesday of nipping with doctor.
How are you meeting things into this memorandum of this block of telephone call to fill in the spots when there are dots?
I'm just telling you about the conversation where we're going.
But you're giving your resume, have us.
I think we've got the conversation.
You deny that Mr. Cohn said, and for God's sake, don't tell blank anything of this, because he would go back right back until Roy.
You deny that you're sped.
I think I won't fight for so much.
I do, too.
Now, do you want to say anything else about us?
There are no dots in connection with it either.
Mr. Wilson, don't fight me trouble with me.
I just quanted out that there were dots here showing the parts of the conversation we're missing.
I told you when I thought those missing parts were.
Let's get on, Senator.
Would you like to read what the Secretary said to you, because I'm not interested in it, but to me, certainly read it if you'd like to.
Would you like to, sir?
I don't have nothing going to do it.
I think as long as we're reading the...
Oh, yeah.
...monitor's call, which would read all of it.
I'm not sure that if there's any...
...cortancy, but let's sort everything in.
The Secretary, I would rather not tell anybody anything.
As far as what you've said, I'm not going to do anything.
A trip that you have in gold through the regular things.
Maybe a weekend here or there, something of that trend.
Actually, on the two-week thing, I said I had personally arranged this thing because I wanted him to be available to help your committee get...
...along further with this thing.
That is the way the thing was done when there were dashes.
Actually, on the two-week thing, I said I had personally arranged this thing.
Because I wanted him to be available to help your committee get along further with this thing.
Then a bunch of dots again, this is the Secretary's nothing.
That is the way the thing was done when I...
...saused out of the proper way to handle it.
I think in our demean, and I'll handle it in a proper way along the line you have been talking about, period.
The Secretary used that.
The IRA, your partner.
He's hurt me, mate.
If you put him into service to work with the committee, all hell would break loose.
And the President would be calling you not to play favor because anyone is on a committee.
I think for Roy's sake, if you can let him come back for a weekend or something,
so he's going to get too long to him.
Maybe if they gave him a hair off, he won't want to come back.
When the Secretary says, I will take care of it, and I appreciate your whole attitude on it yesterday.
Well, the time has come, right?
While they're going around, and the former's to watch the tenures of it.
Mr. Cohn?
No, I think so.
I feel like you have another ten minutes.
Mr. Chairman, you will recall this morning that I asked when we had the things to do that was passed off of the Chairman.
Did I ask for the right to read into the record a statement by the Secretary of the Army?
It has just come to me and me, and I now read it.
It is short.
Well, Mr. President, is this...
Uh, a presentation?
Yes, sir.
Mr. Chairman, is this Mr. Chairman Mr. Wilson?
We talked about this morning.
That's right.
And how long is this?
It's about two and a half pages.
Oh, yes.
I'm sorry, sir.
Yes.
Our understanding was, I think, this morning that it was become an exhibit in the record.
No, I need to have a read, Mr. Chairman.
Well, I don't think there's any objection to that.
Yes.
What I'm curious about is whether it now becomes a subject then for examination and post-intervention.
It wasn't made a little...
The billy board of the Mr. Cohn, the baking statement, has a conference of the combination this morning.
And that statement is hearing all the diamonds to put it in the evidence.
I have no objection.
Very, Mr. Chairman.
I know.
I don't want to have this wait.
I am told off the proceedings, however, the Secretary of the Army was only standing here for I believe 18 or 18 days.
We had a complete full opportunity to tell us about his conversations with Senator Samington,
who was such a quiet quitter, who was advising him.
He saw a fit not to do this.
Now now, when we find out accidentally, who was giving him that advice,
if he puts a statement in the record, unsworn,
I think it is just highly improper.
No reason for it.
He was here.
He had an opportunity to give us all the information.
I would say this, but if he has information and he wants to furnish in regard to the conversations with our friends from Missouri,
and with quiet quitter, that's then what we should do.
It's now Mr. Jenkins having sworn with some member of the committee presence,
and letting him submit that under oath.
Otherwise, we're just opening up an entirely new field by emphasizing confusions,
that the Secretary was not taken by surprise on this.
He was asked in detail who had induced the filing of the fraudulent charges, who was behind it.
He knew that that was the thing that we were perhaps more concerned about than anything else.
The Secretary, for some reason, kept secrets.
He kept secrets that the advice was coming from some of her signings and the Democrats,
also the Democrats advised Mr. Clifford.
I just think it violates all the rules of evidence and law to put this statement in here
at this time on the sworn to.
We don't know what is prepared by someone that the Secretary of Labor, John DeCronico,
I don't know who prepared this.
I'd like to have that done at least in deposition forms, Mr. Chairman.
Well, the Chair would say that the statement is correct, and we have the same status as a statement that the Secretary makes to this fact.
And of course, the Chair would have no ruling what the Secretary might make to the press and would have that right to make it.
We recognize that Mr. Wilson is not testifying his attorney, and Chair has no objection.
Of course, the Secretary of the Army making any statement he wants to to the press should be publicized.
This will be publicized, but if he recognizes it is not sworn testimony and consequently will be considered
in the nature of the statement that the Secretary of the Army makes to this as well,
and depending on it, from here, the statement that he would have a right to make should be made.
Any time he will be hearing, he can ask for the hearing, does any other official has a right to make it public state?
Can only one suggestion not to enter my side?
No, only one suggestion.
That's the Secretary has a statement that he wants to give to the press.
I think he should issue it to the press.
So far, we have nothing in the record that is not sworn testimony.
I just don't think it's a wise thing of this to wait.
A moment to put anything in the record which is not sworn to, they can't be cross-examined.
Now, that's Mr. Wilson, the statement there, we've got all the members of the press here.
He can remember you've read that.
And the Secretary has one of the most of the memory of that and things might have been handed out to the press.
But it's now about 4, 5, 5, 15, we're trying to finish tonight.
I know if there is right into the record, they two and a half-page statements.
Yeah.
We just won't get through tonight.
There's a statement.
Uh, something?
In 1,000,000,000.
I believe it was in 1,000,000,000.
I'm sure, in an open hearing, before the Senate on Services Committee, I ask the Secretary of Defense.
Did he, was here in the Committee, follow monitor and telephone call?
The record will bear that out.
I never at any time have tried to hold on monitor call.
The record will bear it in respect that I have it all time, tried to get the monitor call into the record.
It would have been impossible for Mr. Stevens to have testified to respect to the monitor call
because at the time he testified, they had not been put in the record.
Now, I'll grace many statements, and in my humble opinion, this statement for the grace of the suspected situations.
And certainly, one of two steps, if the chairman has an ounce of fairness anymore than this situation, I'm sure he has to be taken.
Either this statement should now be read into the record, or Mr. Stevens, and the other people that we have recommended
can be called before the Committee and put under oath, just be called before this Committee and be put under oath for that we can get all the truth.
Mr. Chairman, is one final suggestion.
No, no, no.
Is there any other one final suggestion?
I have a meeting.
Does the government make this a guess with Senator Jefferson first?
I would suggest the same time as we mark this as an exhibit.
If they first want to see it, let them see it.
But as of now, Mr. Chairman,
I don't know what a Clark Crookers wrote since, and I'm as whom wrote it, and if it's to be read into the record as part of the testimony,
it should be done under oaths.
I have no objection to keeping anything secret that Bob Stevens wants to say.
I just don't like to make that part of the official record, to be marked as an exhibit.
That's going to have a period.
Bob, there's a lot of money to share.
I don't want to hear what the Republican Secretary of the Army has to say.
The chair is disturbed at the moment by this fact, and that is that he agrees that we find a way to determine which Secretary Stevens can make this decision clear.
This is just a different statement, perhaps has been given as an exhibit of record, with the being part of the hearings, the people can read it,
a company by a threat statement might be a solution.
I'm temporarily and presently disturbed by this fact, that at the very beginning of the hearings, I may resolution I think in this use by Senator Mitchell.
It would say that all of the testimony in these hearings had been taken under oaths.
We have operate on that basis.
Even though the point one time I recall calling Secretary Stevens up and asking him to recite under oaths,
a press statement that he had made previously during the fun of intellectual issues before the committee.
Now, seeing it to me, we might be able to arrive at the thing we all want, that is to have Mr. Stevens have his first chance to make his statement.
The chairman, by offering this exhibit, has been available to the press, and those are Mr. Chair Jarvis.
Mr. Chairman, Chairman, may I share the document under the record?
I didn't know that I was under a misreferential this morning about this statement, I thought it was going to be submitted and just included in the record.
Now, of course, it's not a rule, it's not a definition. Mr. Stevens wouldn't be here and available for a cross-examination on such a statement.
We have a slight aside here what's in it.
It does make a difference to me, but in the complete interest of fairness, I suggest a five-minute recess that council may confer with Mr. Wells.
I think at least the committee council, thought to be advised on this statement.
I shall be in our regard, you shall have your recommendation.
I'm Mr. Wells, and I do not.
I don't wish to compete with the senator for the microphone.
I beg your pardon, thank you. I'll resign, I'm Mr. Wells.
Mr. Wells, I'm sorry, I'll get to him, Mr. Wells.
One senator for the seat, he's the one.
Mr. Wells, I'm the one.
The fire is destroyed.
In stating that I make the notion that I'll test the moon in this field, be taken or smooth.
I think some of them will fight this situation this time.
I'd rather go and move Mr. Wells, not Mr. Stevens, or the driver that come here and test the fire through the document.
I know that a senator might have had an hour, but Chairman, I moved the way that motion on the table.
We are observable, the motion is not smooth.
We have the voice now, Mr. Stevens.
Carl Fexer-Jose, he was the witness in cash and motion with the secretary.
And we have a motion to lay that under table.
The limit is the exact same.
The motion is obviously not the made of bulletproof, the filament and the jam, or the chair for that.
Carl, I don't want to let you lay that motion on the table.
I'm going to have a parliamentary inquiry and then I'll come again.
The vote now is a vote for Carl Stevens, and I'm ready to burn over for the vote now.
The vote not for Carl.
He will correct this, the part of the situation where I'm interested in the vote now is not to lay it over.
I lay that on the table, meeting the motion to call in as a witness will not be saved.
I'll be defeated as I go out.
As I go out, I'll be defeated as I go out.
All right, so, come to my car.
No.
Send the text.
Turn the text.
No.
The chair goes down.
Turn the text.
If you ever come up here and tell me this is only a way out of town, I'm very important.
Army business and I knew this morning the end of the goal.
Knowing that, I ask the chair for the right to file and read this statement.
The chair is not a very long one.
It could have been a long goal.
I think it is a certainty that should be extended to the Secretary of the Army.
But before the audience to deserve the testimony, this simple and reasonably short statement should be made.
I don't understand the vote this morning and the Secretary of the President's statement before he left on this Army business.
I think I should be allowed to reach this.
It's a work that's important.
I don't have even the right to yield to you.
Go ahead.
I don't have the floor.
The floor is not a statement.
The nature of a rebuttal is not a testimony.
The principle of the service is to state what comes next.
It's a very happy part of what was the report.
I think it is not rebuttal.
It was a long, passable responding with the senator selling this and that.
Here is a member of the government who has been secured and has now been assigned to this committee.
It's a simple statement on that matter.
The Secretary of the Army is not a testimony.
The important thing is that the Secretary of the Army is taking his three-minute recess.
I have comments to make a call at five o'clock in the morning.
The Secretary of the Army is asking for the remaining.
I'm asking for the Secretary of the Army.
The Secretary of the Army is asking for the Secretary of the Army.
We have a red now.